.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH AUTOPANO-COMPLETE 1 "MAY 2004" autopano-sift "User Manual"
.SH NAME
autopano-complete \- Generate panorama project file from images.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B autopano-complete.sh
.I [options]
.I -o output.pto
.I image1
.I image2
.I [image3 [..]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Generate panorama project from image files. First, generate temporary keypoint
files for each of the image files given on the command line. Then match the
image files to identify the same features in two or more images. Generate a
PTO panorama project file from the matching results. (Programs such as
.BR hugin
can read it.)
.SH OPTIONS
.IP image
The image files to read in. They can be in any common format, including JPEG,
PNG and TIFF.
.IP "-o|--output <file>"
Set PTO panorama output file (mandatory).
.IP "-s|--size <pixelsize>"
Set downscale resolution. If any of the image dimensions exceed this side, the
image is resized so the longer side of the images will be this size. This is a
preprocessing step and no file on disc will be changed. Use this when memory
is rare.
.IP "-p|--points <count>"
The maximum number of control points to generate per image pair. When more
than the given number of pairs are found, only the best are kept.
.IP -n|--noransac
Do not use the RANSAC algorithm (RANdom Sample Consensus), which does use
geometric correllation to remove unwanted matches. Use this when uncommon lens
geometries are used, such as fisheye lenses.
.IP -c|--clean
In any case, wipe the table - the previously generated keypoint files - and
then generate the keypoint files from the images and match. If no clean is
used, then previous image keypoint files are also used for matching.
.IP -h|--help
Output a concise usage help.
.SH BUGS
No bugs known, if you find any, please send a bug report to me. I will try to
fix it. An old, obselete version of this script exists with similar
functionality, see
.BR autopano-complete.old
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo d'Angelo <pablo dot dangelo at web dot de>,
Sebastian Nowozin <nowozin at cs dot tu dash berlin dot de>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR autopano-sift (7),
.BR generatekeys (1),
.BR autopanog (1),
.BR showone (1),
.BR showtwo (1)
